After watching this video, I was deeply shocked, silent for a long time to think a lot. Never do we pay much attention to the air we breathe every day, but today we know that it is so terrible that every friend who has watched this video will think : for the environment what can I do? I did not see the biggest touch of white to me is that the little girl's answer : have not seen the blue sky, have not seen the stars cloud, which means to us what? Our children in ten years after today is also facing the same white clouds, the right of the stars, are not like? I believe that all parents do not want their children to be deprived of such a blue sky, and want to be deprived of the right to be close to them. Ten years ago, the river in Shanxi became a sewage, with an average annual benzo pyrene exceeded 290 times. So now there are 15 kinds of carcinogens in the air, including the world's most terrible carcinogen, benzo a pyrene, 14 times higher than the national standard. We can imagine what we are facing is a serious pollution of the environment. Chai Jing's smoke investigation report can awaken our sense of environmental protection and our own sense of responsibility. The most important thing for our generation is parents and children. We can't protect them forever because they always leak out in the air, we can't escape the reality that we can't escape. Each of your adults breathe about 25,000 times a day. Think about how we breathe every day in this air, and what our lungs will look like? If we protect the environment, we protect nature as well as our parents and children. What's the result? The biggest source of smog is the burning of coal and fossil fuels. So other countries are also consuming a lot of coal. But why is there no serious situation like our country? Because the British are consuming a lot of coal, they first need to wash the coal they need and then burn it. So how much of our country is doing this? Almost as a result, we need to strengthen the supervision of the supervision departments at the same time of awakening the consciousness of each of us. Very little! Supervision of excessive discharge of industrial heavy industry. A place with a large number of industries, heavy industry gathering which consumes a lot of coal, but also has no way to control air pollution emissions, but also can not shut down and ban this will matter what's the result? Many small and medium-sized industrial and heavy industries are using small boilers without any emission standards, and no one is in charge of any regulatory emissions. They do not have a professional environmental pollution discharge equipment for emissions purification, so the emissions are seriously exceeding the standard. To fundamentally change this situation requires each and every one of us, every regulatory agency, and every enterprise to work together. Only change from one's own consciousness can move forward. The biggest source of smog is the burning of coal and fossil fuels. So other countries are also consuming a lot of coal. But why is there no serious situation like our country? Because the British are consuming a lot of coal, they first need to wash the coal they need and then burn it. So how much of our country is doing this? Almost as a result, we need to strengthen the supervision of the supervision departments at the same time of awakening the consciousness of each of us. Very little! Supervision of excessive discharge of industrial heavy industry. A place with a large number of industries, heavy industry gathering which consumes a lot of coal, but also has no way to control air pollution emissions, but also can not shut down and ban this will matter what's the result? Many small and medium-sized industrial and heavy industries are using small boilers without any emission standards, and no one is in charge of any regulatory emissions. They do not have a professional environmental pollution discharge equipment for emissions purification, so the emissions are seriously exceeding the standard. To fundamentally change this situation requires each and every one of us, every regulatory agency, and every enterprise to work together. Only change from one's own consciousness can move forward.The biggest source of smog is the burning of coal and fossil fuels. So other countries are also consuming a lot of coal. But why is there no serious situation like our country? Because the British are consuming a lot of coal, they first need to wash the coal they need and then burn it. So how much of our country is doing this? Almost as a result, we need to strengthen the supervision of the supervision departments at the same time of awakening the consciousness of each of us. Very little! Supervision of excessive discharge of industrial heavy industry. A place with a large number of industries, heavy industry gathering which consumes a lot of coal, but also has no way to control air pollution emissions, but also can not shut down and ban this will matter what's the result? Many small and medium-sized industrial and heavy industries are using small boilers without any emission standards, and no one is in charge of any regulatory emissions. They do not have a professional environmental pollution discharge equipment for emissions purification, so the emissions are seriously exceeding the standard. To fundamentally change this situation requires each and every one of us, every regulatory agency, and every enterprise to work together. Only change from one's own consciousness can move forward.On February 28, 2015, Chai Jing published a continuous video of " Under the Dome " at his own expense. I feel very heavy in my heart when I finish reading these eight episodes. A group of impressive pictures, a pile of detailed and accurate figures, a group of people worried about the country and the people, a face that has no fear, a stack of pale laws, one by one deeply helpless officials. In the final analysis, a scholar, then : China's smoke is a man-made disaster. The development of 30 years has brought a huge amount of environmental debt to the people, although the smoke has made everyone strong, but the implementation of many cases is still indifferent. As environmental law enforcement officials say : we have to go the program has gone, or continue to do so we have no way. Many laws exist in name only, the punishment is very strict but the execution is zero. Chai Jing summed up the sentence is very strict law enforcement 90 % of the people will abide by the law, there is no law will make 90 % of the people illegal. From this, it seems that there is still a long way to go for China to be away from the legal system. Monopoly is also a cause of man-made disasters, and the monopoly of oil has resulted in low standards and high prices. High clean energy can not be developed and utilized, and the monopoly is carried out under the pretext of national energy security. Where there is the spirit of the people for the country, only money. Perhaps this is also the source of a large number of corruption in the energy sector. Monopoly is also a cause of man-made disasters, and the monopoly of oil has resulted in low standards and high prices. High clean energy can not be developed and utilized, and monopoly can be practiced under the pretext of national energy security. Where there is the spirit of the country for the people, only to recognize the money. Perhaps this is also the source of a large number of corruption in the energy sector. Lazy politics, lazy politics is also a kind of man-made disaster, so many substandard large trucks driving on the road every day, neither people nor people ask. What is the regulatory agency doing when the factory is making a fake? All the questions are said to be Tao, do it all open one eye closed, or mutual prevarication. Fakes are rampant, and good people who force them to do false, otherwise they can not survive. Is this not a consequence of the evil that the idler has caused us? The limit line and limit number have been promoted by first-tier cities to second-tier and third-tier cities under the banner of environmental protection. But China's micro car production has no market, replaced by the those car, since it is for the sake of environmental protection, is to save energy, why not restrict the production and sales of these luxury cars. With the reform and opening up, people's thinking has also changed, " Efficiency is money, " Everything to the money, " The Dan number destroyed the current China. The whole country together with money laid hands on each according to his ability, by hook or by crook, overdrawn the future of the country. In the smoke-shrouded China, what is the smell in the air? Chai Jing gave a clear answer : " That is the smell of money! "Monopoly is also a cause of man-made disasters, and the monopoly of oil has resulted in low standards and high prices. High clean energy can not be developed and utilized, and monopoly can be practiced under the pretext of national energy security. Where there is the spirit of the country for the people, only to recognize the money. Perhaps this is also the source of a large number of corruption in the energy sector. Lazy politics, lazy politics is also a kind of man-made disaster, so many substandard large trucks driving on the road every day, neither people nor people ask. What is the regulatory agency doing when the factory is making a fake? All the questions are said to be Tao, do it all open one eye closed, or mutual prevarication. Fakes are rampant, and good people who force them to do false, otherwise they can not survive. Is this not a consequence of the evil that the idler has caused us? The limit line and limit number have been promoted by first-tier cities to second-tier and third-tier cities under the banner of environmental protection. But China's micro car production has no market, replaced by the those car, since it is for the sake of environmental protection, is to save energy, why not restrict the production and sales of these luxury cars. With the reform and opening up, people's thinking has also changed, " Efficiency is money, " Everything to the money, " The Dan number destroyed the current China. The whole country together with money laid hands on each according to his ability, by hook or by crook, overdrawn the future of the country. In the smoke-shrouded China, what is the smell in the air? Chai Jing gave a clear answer : " That is the smell of money! " 
Yesterday, I saw Chai Jing's " Under the Dome ", a lot of feelings, just after watching, I still feel that this person is really courageous, very keen, can hit the current malaise. But then I think there is something wrong with it. What's the problem? On the whole, she might say that 99 percent of the real she talked about China's oil grade, but in one of the core parts of it, 100 percent of the lies were told. As follows : Mody low, the reason is that only three oil companies in China for their own monopoly interests, their own designated standard is too low, we all know that she refers to a one oil, sinopec, CNOOC. At the same time, she said that the United States has thousands of families. As long as the suggestion and guidance of people break the monopoly, the full liberalization will be fine, and the oil problem will be solved, and the emission will be cleaner. We believe that the smog can be managed well. Is that really the case? Earth people who do not know, the United States long ago in the oil industry completed the stage of free competition, has long formed the era of oligopoly led by Rockefeller! The so-called us has thousands, and so many other companies have a market share? She chose to cover up after listing a large amount of data. The evidence is not sufficient. If according to her logic, China also has more than a few hundred, go to the vicinity of various big oil fields to see, there are many private refineries ah. Well, come back to say, since the united states can monopolize, why can't china monopolize it, because the united states is a monopoly in private hands, and china's monopoly is in the hands of the government or the state I can't?  
Here, I suddenly realize that the original meaning of her speech is to fully liberalized the oil industry, to the market competition and then form a private oligarchy. Ask the world today, what is the so-called national bourgeoisie that has the strength to win the big oligarchs of the West? If his is fully liberalized, the final result must be a monopoly by the big capital in the west. Maybe it would be a bit sweet to let the people go, but in the long run, once the big capital of the West monopolized China's energy market, that would be the beginning of the cut. What would it look like if Jung had let go of oil and gas exploration as she said? Let's look at the coal industry that has been liberalized a few years ago, and it is the black heart's private bosses who are more concerned about environmental protection, or are state-owned enterprises more responsible? Isn't it obvious that the lice on the bald head? But why did she mislead the people? And there are choices to be made in the sensitive period before the two sessions? It is estimated that there is a pushing force behind it, and it is impossible for one person to have so much time and energy to make up 99 % of the truth and 1 % of the absolute lies, and in a very short time it is released by all media, create a sensational effect. Of course, state-owned enterprises are problematic and large, but the means to solve them are by no means the so-called comprehensive liberalization, and the result is that they are fully controlled by the international capital, the lifeblood of the Chinese people is lost. We have to find a way to let the state-owned enterprises really eat for the people. Without the lifeline of energy, supervision, and improvement of its management functions, it is the ultimate solution, not to destroy it, to truly serve the people. Now, 23 of the 28 key industries in China are said to be fully controlled by foreign capital, and in the future, the lifeblood of railways, military industry, Tun letter, oil and so on will be fully liberated in the future, the privatization of all the lifeblood of the industry, then where is our foundation? Are we still a socialist poor family who is the master of the people? This is not just a simple economic issue, but also a core political issue, the foundation of the country has been shaken, and the nature has changed the GCD from the last fall, I am afraid, is not far away. At that time, hu han-san was back.  So, to think about it, this is not a question of whether to discuss the issue of state-owned enterprises, but rather to discuss how to strengthen the proportion of state-owned enterprises in the whole economy, and how to make these enterprises truly for the broad masses of people to provide better services, how to get their power to be supervised and checks and balances. The state enterprise is not a bureaucrat, not a interest group, it should be truly belongs to all the Chinese people and is for the benefit of all the Chinese people. Only by doing this can the entire country be truly long-term peace and stability, and the people can truly live a happy and happy life!  
