Have you even pondered how difficult our relationship is developed if we are isolated from these extremely powerful and effective technology communication tools? The popular conception that modern communication techniques connect us from all over the world and henceforth are accepted as the most serviceable tool at this era of information explosion feels wrong to me. Actually, this mainstream has undermined our normal ways of interacting so seriously that online communicating should no longer act as a leading role in our real life. In reality, this new contact method distances people from each other, binds people to a virtual life and amplifies people¡¯s lonely feeling.
First of all, it widens the gap between people instead of eliminating it when we are crazily connected online. With more heads-down tribes refreshing their screen constantly, how can we enjoy the vivid scene in our real life? With specialized competitors rushing for red pockets on WECHAT, how can we embrace face-to-face communication in family gathering on festivals? With seemingly professional gourmets showing and displaying their seemingly tasty dishes they order at microblog, how can we taste the tough but smooth feelings of real life? In this way, the more people want to hold others tightly, the less warmth they can feel from others by their side, thus feeling alone.
Besides, there is overwhelming evidence that people who are indulged in this new connecting way are totally exposed to some addictive behaviors and lose freedom to touch the real world. They are unable to hold themselves from checking their phone screen once the notification tone rings, feel something missing if leaving home without smartphone, and even feel great discomfort before sleeping until refreshing circle of friend. Nowadays, people are slaved to the fast growing information technology, while unfortunately they are satisfied with this life style and wrongly think that they are connected.
Finally, while Descartes said ¡°I think, therefore I am. ¡°, the characteristic of the online era is ¡°I share, therefore I am. ¡°. We cannot go close to an online friend with true intimacy, and once the connection is cut off, the self will disappear and then the lonely feeling comes. One is so fragile that he need constant approval and praise from others to hold his sense of being. The technique doesn¡¯t directly lead to, but encourage this case to some extent. At every corner of the world, you may see the same scene, in which people connect each other by keyboard and small screen. But everyone are in their own bubble. They may not really want to connect with someone, but need others¡¯ eyesight to support their poor sense of being. 
As far as I am concerned, when people biggest sense of achievement derives from hundreds of praise, when people¡¯s intimacy can be translated by the pages of chatting records, when daily life can replaced by a photo, people nowadays are quenching a thirst with poison, being more alone.
